README ($Id: README,v 1.1.1.1 2000/09/26 19:08:16 plundis Exp $)
======

Welcome! This is storm, the chaos kernel. It is nice that you want to
find out what this is all about. We hope you won't be too
disappointed, even though it is still in a rather early stage.

If something seems to be wrong (we're mainly talking about compilation
stuff here; we know the kernel has some unresolved issues elsewhere),
please don't hesitate to contact us. More information about this
below.

Anyway, this directory contains one directory for each CPU family
storm has been ported to. For now, only ia32 is available (This is not
because we dislike other architectures, but because we didn't have any
other hardware available to program for. You are very welcome to port
the kernel to a new platform). The configure script decides which
targets should use a certain directory. When porting to a new family,
just create a new directory with the GNU name of your processor (as
seen in the output from the configure script. The GNU name has the
form processor-vendor-system). But please, contact us first to make
sure your work is not being duplicated. You can find contact
information on our web site, which is at http://www.chaosdev.org/

Other than that, don't be afraid to generally hack around. The source
code has been kept as readable as possible, we hope. Still, things may
be unclear. Especially things we've added recently might be somewhat
undocumented. Please don't be afraid to ask us if something seems
strange, weird or just plain broken.

If you feel like helping us out, the kernel may, or may not be the
best thing you can do (Well, personally, I don't really think it's an
interesting task -- more like neccessary evil. But this is a different
matter). In the future, there will probably be a task list on our
web. For now, join our mailing list and ask what can be done. More
information about the mailing lists can be found at our web:
http://www.chaosdev.org/

-- Per Lundberg <plundis@chaosdev.org>  Mon, 10 Apr 2000 08:39:09 +0200
